The Activity diagram starts by navigating to the index page. Then the login
type is selected i.e. user will login into user side and admin in admin side.
If its user side then the he is asked to enter user credentials. These details
are validated from the database. If the credentials are correct then the user home page
is displayed else error message is shown and the user is redirected to the login page.
Once the user is on home page then he can select the operation he wishes to perform.
The operations could be displaying files by events means that the events are displayed as
folders and user can navigate to whichever event he wants to and view the documents in
that event. Another operation is uploading file in a particular event, this can be done by
selecting an event in which the document has to be uploaded and then browse to the file
in the client system and upload it. The user can also delete file. These
operations have some restrictions, a particular user can only delete those documents which
they uploaded. The user can then perform more operations or logout from his account.
The admin side has the same process of login. If login is successful then he is
redirected to admin home page. Admin can perform more operations apart from what
users can perform. To start with admin has the rights to view all the documents event
wise uploaded by any user. He does not have the restriction of viewing only those events
which are under him. Like users, admin can also upload documents in events he wishes
to. Unlike users, admin can perform many other functions. Admin can view all events.
Also he can add and delete events. He has the right to add new users to the committee
and view all users in the committee. He can also delete users. When admin has finished
his work then he may logout from his account.
The State Chart diagram show the same behaviour. It differs just by differentiating
the active state of the system. Additionally it has events on the basis of which it derives
the next state. The active state includes the sub states. The flow final symbol on the
bottom left corner states that it is the end step of the flow.